President, this is the first time. Governor Congressmen, Congressmen, Senator Warren Congressmen, this is the second. Second, this is the third. Third, this is the fourth. Fourth, this is the fifth. Fifth, this is the sixth. Sixth, this is the seventh. Seventh, this is the eighth. Eighth, this is the ninth. Ninth, this is the tenth. And we stand in the forefront. We meet in our region and challenge in the decades to come and fear in the next generation. We meet in college, knowledge college, in the city, knowledge college, in the state, knowledge college, and we stand in the forefront. We meet in our region and challenge in decades to come and fear in the next generation. The greater knowledge crisis, the greater our ignorance unfold. The fight to fight against the most of science of the world has begun. Our lives and working today. The fight to fight against nations on science and power is doubling every year. In a record growth more than three times that of population as whole. The fight to fight against science of the world and the man and the man and the man still far off. Our collective compassion. No man can fully grasp how far and how fast we have come. But can dance to the wheel. The fifty thousand years of man's recorded history in time span of half a century. Steady in this journey, we know very little about the first forty years except the end of them. And then man learned to use the science of the man to conquer the world. And this man is gone under the stand. Man learned to be king. The construction of the kind of world only five years ago. Man learned to ride and use the car with wheels. Created in the beginning less than two years ago. The printing press came this year. And then less than two months ago, during this whole fifty years and human history. The steam engine, the first new source power, new discovery of the meaning of gravity, light, moon, electricity, and telephone, and automobiles, and airplanes became available. Only last week did we develop the system and telephone and nuclear power. And now the man is new space craft succeed in reaching Venus. We will have literally reached the stars before midnight tonight. This is breathtaking pace and such pace cannot be reached. But we will. This is the world. New ignorance, new problems, new dangers. Surely the opening of this space, from the first call and hopes and wills are rewarded.